A babysitter tucks in a small
boy inside of a cozy house.
She then heads into the kitchen, where she finds
that flour has been spilled all over the floor.
Upon sweeping it up, she hears a
noise coming from behind a plant.
She walks over to investigate, but turns around
abruptly when she feels a presence behind her. She
is then struck on the head with the toy hammer,
causing her to fall backwards through a window.
What is her fate after this ordeal? Who
is this intruder? This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us to find the answer in a movie titled:
Child’s Play. Be aware, there are spoilers!
In the opening scene of the movie, we find
ourselves on the dark, dank streets of Chicago’s
south side. Detective Mike Norris is on the trail
of a serial killer Charles Lee Ray, who he calls
The Strangler. The two of them soon engage in a
gunfight as Norris strikes his target in the leg.
Lee Ray tries to make a break for it, then
we hear the wailing sirens of a police car.
This causes Charles’s getaway driver, Eddie
Caputo, to flee, leaving his partner at the
mercy of the police. The police car doesn’t
stop, and Norris continues his pursuit.
Having taken cover in the doorway of a toy store,
Charles shoots at the lock making his way inside.
Norris follows him cautiously, careful not to
break his cover. Inside the store more shots are
fired and the police officer fatally wounds his
target. Aware that he is about to die, Charles
begins speaking in tongues. He grabs a nearby Good
Guy doll aiming to transfer his life into the toy.
Continuing a Haitian chant, the sky
breaks out into a thunderous storm.
Then a huge bolt of lighting smashes through
the roof of the shop. It creates an explosion
that devastates the building, sending the cop
flying across the room. Picking himself up,
he stumbles over to see the corpse of The
Strangler and the doll lying next to him.
In the next scene, we observe 6 year old
Andy, making a messy breakfast for his mother,
Karen Barclay. As he prepares breakfast, the TV is
on in the background. While he is waiting for the
toast, Andy catches sight of an advertisement
for a Good Guy doll and is enamored by it. He
then continues finishing the meal carrying it on
a tray to his mother’s bedside. As she awakens, we
learn that it is Andy’s birthday. She celebrates
the occasion by giving him hugs and kisses.
Soon Andy begins to unwrap his gifts. The first
he opens is the biggest box, but is disappointed
to find ill-fitting clothes inside. Next he opens
a smaller package containing a set of toy tools,
including a saw and a hammer. He then
begs his mother for a Good Guy doll and
she seems to give in to his desire.
Later in the day, Karen is at work in a
department store. She begins talking to her
best friend Maggie about the good guy doll
that Andy is asking for. Even though they should
stay at work, Maggie persuades Karen to go and
make the purchase from the peddler.
Outside, the two ladies haggle with the
homeless man selling toys. He initially asks
for 50 bucks, but they negotiate for 30,
Maggie feels slighted with the price.
She then asks if the doll is stolen,
but the unfriendly man responds with aggression.
They then walk away with their new purchase.
Upon returning to the store, Karen’s
boss is sitting there waiting.
He is angry that she left her position as
it wasn’t her break time. He then forces
her into covering a shift later that evening,
threatening her with being fired if she refuses.
Karen is reluctant, because it is her son’s
birthday, but Maggie then offers to babysit.
During a break between her shifts, Karen
returns home with the doll giving it to Andy.
He is delighted with the present and begins to
play with it. He introduces himself to the doll
and it responds. The doll’s name is Chucky. The
two continue to play late into the evening under
Maggie's watchful eye. Chucky, seems distracted
by the 9 o’clock news, which Andy takes notice of.
As Andy is told to get ready for bed, he tells
Maggie that Chucky wants to watch the news.
She turns the TV off taking the two of them
to Andy’s room. As Andy is brushing his teeth,
Maggie suddenly hears the TV has been turned
back on. She enters the living room finding
Chucky seated watching the news. She returns
Chucky to Andy’s room and scolds Andy for not
listening to her. Andy denies any wrongdoing.
With Andy tucked in bed, Maggie continues tidying
up around the apartment. She soon becomes
disconcerted by strange noises she hears around
the house. When Karen calls asking about their
evening, Maggie expresses her concerns over the
noises she’s been hearing. When she returns to the
kitchen, she finds that flour has been poured onto
the floor. As she begins sweeping up the flour,
she hears a noise behind a plant. She steps over
to investigate, but turns around abruptly when she
feels a presence behind her. She is struck on the
forehead with a toy hammer, causing her to fall
backwards through a window. Maggie plummets to
her death coming to a rest on a vehicle below.
When Karen gets home, she sees that her building
has been cordoned off and emergency response
teams are on the scene. She pushes through the
cordon and rushes to her apartment. She enters in
a panic, looking everywhere for Andy. Fortunately
she finds that he is safe, but she quickly learns
about Maggie’s fate. Detective Norris and his
partner Jack interview the two of them. Norris
quickly suspects Andy of involvement as the shoes
he is wearing match those of the footprints
found at the scene. As they are leaving,
Andy notices flour on the soles of Chucky’s shoes
which are the same as his. Andy runs out telling
his mother as well as the detectives that “Chucky
did it”, but they don’t believe him one ounce.
Back in Andy’s room, Andy tells his mom that
Chucky has been talking to him. Chucky has
told him that his real name is Charles Lee Ray
and that Maggie deserved what happened to her.
Karen is shocked by this and is clearly upset with
this story. Realizing his mother isn’t having it,
Andy apologizes telling her that he
won’t make up any further stories.
Karen invites Andy to sleep with her, but he
declines, telling her that he has Chucky.
The next morning, Karen drops Andy at school
who is continuously clutching onto Chucky.
As she departs, Andy exits the school building. He
then heads for the metro station catching a train.
As the train moves along, Chucky is
whispering something to Andy.
The two of them get off in a rundown part of town
and begin walking towards a derelict building.
Andy stops to pee near some rubbish placing Chucky
on a rocking chair. While Andy’s back is turned,
Chucky makes a run for it. He enters the kitchen
of a house, where he then turns on the gas.
Upstairs Eddie Caputo is awakened by a noise
and goes downstairs to investigate. As he does,
he sees Andy walk past calling for Chucky. Clearly
feeling threatened, Eddie begins firing his gun
to scare off the intruder. He does so again in
the kitchen, but this causes the gas to explode.
The house then blows up and collapses with Eddie
still inside. Chucky has killed once again.
Believing Andy is responsible, the police take him
to the station to interrogate him. The interview
is observed by Dr. Ardmore. He quickly asserts
that Andy is suffering from some form of mental
issue. He exclaims that Andy be admitted to
a psychiatric hospital for observation.
Back at home, Karen picks up the Good Guy
doll case as a pair of batteries fall out.
Concerned by this discovery, she picks up Chucky
opening his back then discovers that he has been
moving and responding without a source of power.
Chucky reacts to this breaking her clasp on him.
He then begins to verbally attack her. During the
altercation he bites her arm, leaving a clear,
open wound. She flees in a taxi to find Mike
Norris, but he is dismissive of her story.
She then decides to go and confront the
peddler, against the policeman's advice.
The pedlar refuses to talk to
her and insteads assaults her.
Norris - who has followed her - interjects.
During the conversation that follows,
he tells Karen a story about the toy shop and how
he had killed Charles Lee Ray inside of it.
The detective’s first encounter
with Chucky occurs in his car,
after dropping Karen off at home. Chucky appears
out of nowhere and attempts to strangle Norris.
Norris is able to free himself, using the car’s
cigarette lighter to burn Chucky on his temple.
Unscathed, Chucky then attempts stabbing Norris
through his seat but is again unsuccessful.
Finally, Chucky climbs into the footwell pushing
the accelerator causing the vehicle to crash.
Trapped in his flipped car, Norris now
seems at the mercy of the doll. However,
he draws his weapon and is able to keep Chucky at
bay. He also manages to shoot and wound him.
Chucky, realizing that he can indeed be injured,
confronts a voodoo master, Dr. John Bishop.
We then learn that Charles Lee Ray had also
learned how to use black magic from the bishop.
Using a voodoo doll, he breaks Bishop’s leg and
his arm, leaving him writhing in agony. Though
initially reluctant to help, the pain leads Bishop
to reveal that Lee Ray can become a human. He can
only do this if he occupies the body of the person
in which he first revealed himself to. Chucky
kills Bishop and heads off in search of Andy.
From his cell, Andy sees Chucky climbing some
steps outside. He yells for the doctor’s
assistance begging him for help. His cries
go unheard. Chucky steals the keys and enters the
cell. Andy then manages to escape trying to hide
in an operation room but Chucky finds him. Hearing
a disturbance, the doctor goes to investigate.
He is stabbed in the leg by Chucky and then
electrocuted, becoming chucky’s next victim.
Knowing that he will be suspected
of the killing, Andy escapes.
He returns home and tries to barricade himself
inside. Chucky is then able to get in using the
chimney. Armed with a knife, the doll begins
to hunt Andy down, quickly overpowering him.
He begins performing another voodoo ritual, to
take over Andy’s body, but Mike and Karen arrive
in the nick of time. They manage to intervene,
when Norris is stabbed in the leg. A battle
ensues around the apartment, and luckily Karen
is able to protect Andy from any assault.
Eventually she manages to trap Chucky in the
fireplace. Andy helps her to set him alight,
telling Chucky that “playtime is over”. Chucky,
covered in flames, stumbles out and collapses in
a heap of burnt ashes. The mother and son hug
one another then tend to Norris’s injuries.
Chucky, however, is not yet done. He springs back
to life, tracking them while carrying his knife.
Karen manages to shoot him, taking off his
head, arm and leg, incapacitating the doll.
At this point, Jack arrives refusing to
believe that a toy could have done this.
Against Norris’s advice, he picks up Chucky’s
head and begins playing with it. As he does so
he is grabbed by Chucky’s one remaining arm.
At this time, Norris is able to shoot Chucky
through the heart. This is the only way that
he could be killed according to Dr. Bishop.
With Chucky’s blood splattered across the
wall, the others rush Norris to the hospital.
As they are leaving, Jack jokingly mentions
that no one is going to believe him.
Andy, meanwhile, peers suspiciously through a
doorway at the remains of his good guy buddy.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!